every footballer has matches that they are looking forward to
for players of fc groningen that include the games against sc
heerenveen
the timing of the north will be on the program again in heerenveen on Sunday
this act does not start to live in the city or in the surrounding area, even with fc
groningen trainer erwin van de tooi that we are very well known in the pass like that
that is the name of the matches that you are looking forward to that the audience is looking forward to
but also looking forward as a team full of stadium full of funeral
very much very much the derby experience after in wherever you play at every
club I have this kind of competitions that he got some extras and so will
have to play there are of course great matches and
we are looking at rotterdam
but that they also have a great game
because you can taste your whole environment that the surgeon has a little more
competition
If you look at the supporters you look at what the people like in my
Do environment thinks yes it is beautiful just like other healthy ones
rivalry and yes there is clear
football meant to be ordinary
Fighting out competitions not fighting out but this is a competition in which
really those women faced each other last weekend
heerenveen and leeuwarden always frisian darby
in leeuwarden they speak of dkv 30 kilometers away if they are against it
play Heerenveen
zkv you have any idea where that means
we don't have it there
60 kilometers away
and that won't be a problem
we are going to play a nice game without
to smoke a game
to ourselves too long it shows such a match as you that
in the final training
to get the jogging forest we go for that
at the end on wall street
I already knew that very well
currently five paintings that
I think the oldest player then
well i got it possible with celebration both
a while ago
yes that does fix everything had to be a team gives it one
And on the basis you noticed that supporters are starting to deliver as well
more than a normal match
you get that feeling very much and that
that image is no different
the
the regular followers of the training sessions of FC Groningen
we can see that the sharpness is going well this week
and gradually what the selection again somewhat broad it seems that trainer
Erwin van de Looi has a wider choice of players
compared to last Saturday's game against excelsior we
we even hope that we will get more boys, we think
the Vondellaan we do everything to that
to get those on the field löw and the victim was on the on the couch
hope he can be used even more in you through good weeks of training
so we really work on to the Sunday's game timing
northern lights among the fans of FC Groningen
winning Heerenveen gives everything around the club a big boost, perhaps a
cliché but this is such a game mariën nobody should have left
to have
what goes too far
we have
I think we will certainly not go too far if you still motivate people then
then they are not suitable
the competition lasted an hour and now we actually know because you know that
the match day the committee can know that the reason and in the match we are
motivated
what for sure